It's you two again
Ouch.
You kid, stock up less.
When did I see you?
Brother Yufeng, who are they?
Old acquaintance
Boy, let you taste the power of Dayan me
Lao Tzu is the first in command of Crazy Saber Village
That's right, this is my big brother
The chick looks good, hahaha.
The second brother snatches it over and becomes the wife of the suppression village
The chick looks good
Second brother, it's not this, it's that, wait a minute.
I have one condition before you two cut me
I've had a problem since I was a kid
I like to hear people scold me
The second brother scolded him
You pig, stupid pig
Two more words, are you sick?
Who is the thief
Dare to commit robbery at the foot of my Tianyuan Gate
Senior brother, these two are habitual criminals of the crazy thief village
It has been sent to the government before
Somehow it got released